fix(get-involved): Creates new nav section for community and contribution info. (#4781)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/get-involved/contribute/contribute-code.md

- [patternfly-react:](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-react/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3A%22Good%20first%20issue%22) Our React library. [View the React contribution guidelines.](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-react/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribution-process)

If you find an issue you'd like to work on, leave a comment and a team member will guide you. For questions, you can reach out on the [#patternfly-core](https://patternfly.slack.com/archives/C9Q224EFL) or [#patternfly-react](https://patternfly.slack.com/archives/C4FM977N0) Slack channels.

## Explore other code contributions

Beyond component issues, you can also contribute to our extensions or to the PatternFly.org website itself. For any of these repositories, you can leave a comment on an issue you're interested in or ask questions in [our #general Slack channel](https://patternfly.slack.com/archives/C293LQ36J).

- **Extensions:** These packages combine multiple base components to offer specific functionality. You can contribute to any of their repositories:

>     - [chatbot:](https://github.com/patternfly/chatbot) Code for [the ChatBot extension](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/about-chatbot).

Author: ```suggestion
    - [chatbot:](https://github.com/patternfly/chatbot) Code for [the ChatBot extension](/extensions/chatbot/overview).
```

    - [patternfly-quickstarts:](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-quickstarts). Code for [the quick starts extensions](/extensions/quick-starts).
    - [react-catalog-view:](https://github.com/patternfly/react-catalog-view) Code for [the catalog view extension](/extensions/catalog-view/catalog-item-header).

>     - [react-component-groups:](https://github.com/patternfly/react-component-groups) Code for [the component groups extension](/component-groups/about-component-groups).

Author: ```suggestion
    - [react-component-groups:](https://github.com/patternfly/react-component-groups) Code for [the component groups extension](/extensions/component-groups/overview).
```
